# holbertonschool-binary_trees
These are algorithms based on Binary Tree exersizes.

https://www.bing.com/videos/search?q=binary+tree+algorithms.&view=detail&mid=869924F47AD95D362866869924F47AD95D362866&FORM=VIRE

Usuing the review through Harvards foundations in Algorithms and MIT -- I found a specific video to learn more about algorithms. I can say Binary trees are a bit different, but as a learner of CS and as more projects come out for professional development, it's not just being able to solve the problem with the help of peers as part of the learning process. But it is also really grasping the concepts and spending time realizing the different aspects of foundations through professional development. So -- more and more I have learned and appriciated these different algorithmic assignments because one of the most important aspects of understanding code and languages in the real world, is realizing Algorithms. -- In as sense, we use binary trees all the time with the Linux file system. One of the first aspects of teaching a student/learner about the terminal is the file system in linux is basically a tree aka file system. But, for every language, there is the importance of understanding the basic concept of what it means to have a computer language. In computation it starts with input - it starts with the interpreter - and with that it is understanding the "why" or "what" is actually being performed in the sense of writing a script or program to what we as a programmer are trying to accomplish. 
An algorithm is the work done or the work accomplished in a language. It is what gives results in a program, it is what solves problems as a language. so, it is important to understand big O notation, or Theta Notation, or realizing the Omega notation and realizing runtime given the algorithm at hand. How long it takes to process the work, and given low level languages, how much memory is borrowed and used.

either way. These are the Binary Tree exersizes given to the student of holberton for professional development. in this case I'm the student learning productively, but happy I know the importance of the task.

https://github.com/holbertonschool/0x1C.c
the exmaple exersize for the project.